NX-KS_readme.md, before:

NX-KS Mod-pack

How to install:

 1) start with a clean memory card (no files), turn-on your Bluetooth

2) unzip the contents of the zip into the root of the sdcard

3) put the card in the camera, and start the camera

4) have some patience (there can be 1 or 2 auto-reboots)

5) when BT-Mod is complete there will be \[ Installation Complete \]
message, followed by reboot

6) after boot, you will see \[ Mod V1.xx \] (if you don\'t see it in 15
seconds, turn on the Bluetooth)

 * x) to uninstall select: main menu \> settings\> Uninstall Mod*

Key-combinations EV+\*:

AEL: immediate hibernation

UP: load UP profile

DOWN: load DN profile

Half-Press-Shutter: focus pull

mobile: telnet

EV (double-click EV): Main Menu (NX500)

OK: Main Menu (NX1)

Main Menu

Video Birtates Custom Functions

Profiles Settings

Hibernate Sleep

> Video Bitrates

Bitrates are grouped by resolution group / quality. Note that for NX1
high-fps bitrates will be as the ones set for 4K/UHD.

Changing bitrates for a given group is persistent (it will survive
reboot). Changing "current" bitrate changes only temporary the current
settings for the resolution/quality, which is selected at the moment,
and it will be lost on reboot.

Accepted bitrate values are in essence from 40Mbps to 320Mbps in 10Mbps
increments.

> *Complete list: *

> *35,40,45,50,55,60,65,70,75,80,85,90,95,*

> *100,110,120,130,140,150,160,170,180,190,*

> *200,210,220,230,240,250,260,270,280,290,*

> *300,310,320*

** Custom Functions**

Focus Stacking Focus Buttons

Batch Recording LCD-off Recording\
Mod v1.\*\* (about) Kill Switch (turns off Mod software, custom bitrates
remain)

Profiles

save/load UP or DN profile

save/load FullBackup (all camera settings)

Saved profiles are stored in /sdcard/presets/ and you can copy and
backup them as needed.

Settings

Silent Shutter (nx500 only) VGA to 2.5K (nx500 only)

No Rec Limit (on nx500 4K/UHD limits remain, NX1 has problems with too
long files)

Refocus on Boot (return to last focus after hibernation)

Enable Bluetooth (use this to enable Bluetooth functionality while the
mod is installed)

Uninstall Mod

Added Functionality

Focus buttons

Program that displays series of buttons on top of the screen

long press (1+s) to save current focus position

click to restore saved focus position

Can be used for studio shooting, astrophotography

(focus on infinity during day, recall the focus during the night), etc.

Focus stacking

Focus on near point - press \"Near\"

Focus on far point - press \"Far\"

Click \"Stack\" and wait for it to finish

Files are in the usual place - remember to fix exposure/awb/etc as you
normally would

**Focus pull** (EV+half-press shutter button)

Focus on subject 1

press EV+half-press shutter button

Focus on subject 2

Consecutive EV+half-press shutter button will be switching between focus
of the two subjects.

Adjusting focus is possible is possible at any time.

**Refocus on Boot**

When using hibernation (EV+AEL or Menu\>Hibernate) the camera records
last focus distance

If this option is enabled, camera will refocus to that focus distance on
boot

Batch recording

The main target users are NX500, who even with \"removed time-limit\"
still have restrictions for 4K and UHD. NX1 also has some problems with
recording too long. When button is pressed, the camera starts recording
and auto-starts new clips until \"Rec\" is pressed. Clips are split in
840sec batches, and will have about a second gap in the continuity.

Kill Switch

Stops and removes the program \"keyscan\" from memory ( which monitors
your key-press combinations EV+\*, so there will be no key-combinations
and no menu to access )

You have an option to let it auto-restart in 3 minutes.

Bitrate modifications remain. If not restarted in 3 minutes, you will
need camera-restart to enable menus.

**Thanks to Otto** for the programs that make this possible - keyscan,
gui, poker, focus stacking, focus buttons, \... to name a few.\
**Thanks to Vasile** for coming up with the values for the
bitrate-change and nx500\'s 2.5K mod (the values used here are based on
his calculations)

**Thanks to the bad weather** recently, which helped by keeping me in
front the computers. You can get in touch with me on
[www.fb.com/KinoSeed/](http://www.fb.com/KinoSeed/)

**Donations**

\
Otto:

Q: So, where\'s the **Donate** button? A: Nowhere. Find a suitable
charity and donate. If you cannot afford it, find a local charity and
see if they need help in person - it will do you a world of good.\

Vasile:
<https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/u/1/d/1azq3GqVkI3uimTLABokyHcoTACackLvKDu5TcGo_Gsg/pubhtml>

Kino:

I have to go with Otto on this one. Pay it forward.\
... although producers (especially ones based outside EU) interested in
access to market for option-deals for literary materials, are quite
welcome as donations. ; )

LINKS

The hub for all information:
<https://github.com/ottokiksmaler/nx500_nx1_modding>

Latest version:
<https://github.com/ottokiksmaler/nx500_nx1_modding/blob/master/NX-KS.zip>

Commit message:

added "wake me up", batch recording updatet

NX-KS_readme.md, after:

NX-KS Mod-pack

How to install:

 1) start with a clean memory card (no files), turn-on your Bluetooth

2) unzip the contents of the zip into the root of the sdcard

3) put the card in the camera, and start the camera

4) have some patience (there can be 1 or 2 auto-reboots)

5) when BT-Mod is complete there will be \[ Installation Complete \]
message, followed by reboot

6) after boot, you will see \[ Mod V1.xx \] (if you don\'t see it in 15
seconds, turn on the Bluetooth)

 * x) to uninstall select: main menu \> settings\> Uninstall Mod*

Key-combinations EV+\*:

AEL: immediate hibernation

UP: load UP profile

DOWN: load DN profile

Half-Press-Shutter: focus pull

mobile: telnet

EV (double-click EV): Main Menu (NX500)

OK: Main Menu (NX1)

Main Menu

Video Birtates Custom Functions

Profiles Settings

Hibernate Sleep

> Video Bitrates

Bitrates are grouped by resolution group / quality. Note that for NX1
high-fps bitrates will be as the ones set for 4K/UHD.

Changing bitrates for a given group is persistent (it will survive
reboot). Changing "current" bitrate changes only temporary the current
settings for the resolution/quality, which is selected at the moment,
and it will be lost on reboot.

Accepted bitrate values are in essence from 40Mbps to 320Mbps in 10Mbps
increments.

> Complete list:

> 35,40,45,50,55,60,65,70,75,80,85,90,95,

> 100,110,120,130,140,150,160,170,180,190,

> 200,210,220,230,240,250,260,270,280,290,

> 300,310,320

Custom Functions

Focus Stacking Focus Buttons

Batch Recording LCD-off Recording (record with LCD turned OFF)

Wake me UP TBBAF (True something-something autofocus, experimental)\
Mod v1.\*\* (about) Reboot (when in doubt - reboot)

Profiles

save/load UP or DN profile

save/load FullBackup (all camera settings)

Saved profiles are stored in /sdcard/presets/ and you can copy and
backup them as needed.

Settings

Silent Shutter (nx500 only) VGA to 2.5K (nx500 only)

No Rec Limit (on nx500 4K/UHD limits remain, NX1 has problems with too
long files)

Refocus on Boot (return to last focus after hibernation)

Enable Bluetooth (use this to enable Bluetooth functionality while the
mod is installed)

Uninstall Mod

Added Functionality

Focus buttons

Program that displays series of buttons on top of the screen

long press (1+s) to save current focus position

click to restore saved focus position

Can be used for studio shooting, astrophotography

(focus on infinity during day, recall the focus during the night), etc.

Focus stacking

Focus on near point - press \"Near\"

Focus on far point - press \"Far\"

Click \"Stack\" and wait for it to finish

Files are in the usual place - remember to fix exposure/awb/etc as you
normally would

**Focus pull** (EV+half-press shutter button)

Focus on subject 1

press EV+half-press shutter button

Focus on subject 2

Consecutive EV+half-press shutter button will be switching between focus
of the two subjects.

Adjusting focus is possible is possible at any time.

Refocus on Boot

When using hibernation (EV+AEL or Menu\>Hibernate) the camera records
last focus distance

If this option is enabled, camera will refocus to that focus distance on
boot

Batch recording

The main target users are NX500, who even with \"removed time-limit\"
still have restrictions for 4K and UHD. NX1 also has some problems with
recording too long. When button is pressed, the camera starts recording
and auto-starts new clips until \"Rec\" is pressed. Clips are split in
840sec batches, and will have about a second gap in the continuity.

Wake me UP

Puts camera to sleep, and wakes it up in set by you number of minutes.

**Thanks to Otto** for the programs that make this possible - keyscan,
gui, poker, focus stacking, focus buttons, \... to name a few.\
**Thanks to Vasile** for coming up with the values for the
bitrate-change and nx500\'s 2.5K mod (the values used here are based on
his calculations)

**Thanks to the bad weather** recently, which helped by keeping me in
front the computers. You can get in touch with me on
[www.fb.com/KinoSeed/](http://www.fb.com/KinoSeed/)

Donations

\
Otto:

Q: So, where\'s the **Donate** button? A: Nowhere. Find a suitable
charity and donate. If you cannot afford it, find a local charity and
see if they need help in person - it will do you a world of good.\

Vasile:
<https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/u/1/d/1azq3GqVkI3uimTLABokyHcoTACackLvKDu5TcGo_Gsg/pubhtml>

Kino:

I have to go with Otto on this one. Pay it forward.\
... although producers (especially ones based outside EU) interested in
access to market for option-deals for literary materials, are quite
welcome as donations. ; )

LINKS

The hub for all information:
<https://github.com/ottokiksmaler/nx500_nx1_modding>

Latest version:
<https://github.com/ottokiksmaler/nx500_nx1_modding/blob/master/NX-KS.zip>
